rankking of features
global feature importance
features paper: 
final paper - feature illustration explain more
progress report



Three models of different complexity
Trying and going through Tree based model reduces complexity



21.10.2020

Variable importance plot
summary plot
the dependence plot
the individual force plot
the collective force plot





global: measure calculates the deviation between linear and surrogate model
black box model for global and we'd need to represent on individual instance on local  :: to make application specific
local: shap in a local manner
R shiny: multiple image upload and process!
Prof. Preim last minute changes??


As far as I remember, We have to clarify about Global Surrogate Model. What Subhajit thinks is in our common understanding and is that what we're suppose to do.
Secondly, little bit about our progress and little bit about our goal. Good to refresh goal. Also what to do to get 1,0!

One thing is clear, we need to have a CNN trained on 14 features. SHAP on local models for sure. Globally for us we could run shap. Though wouldn't matter!


shapely values ka clustering
we'll try to classify based on our Shapely values!
Importance of features! may be a PCA! Correlational analysis. Spearman corelation.


report:
	1. spearman correlation of shapley
	2. Consolidate kaise kar rehe hai (4 shap features hai)
		2.2 Accuracies ko prob me convert. Shapely values * soft max-probabilities karke weighted average!
	3. Global: Cluster me data points uthake karna hai!
	4. Additional Experiment: Behaviour, linear ke jo weights hai, CNN ke shap values kaise change ho rahe hai -> SHAP and then our models -> shap. 
			How shapely values changes?
	we'll try to predict if shap values move towards linear regression or not.
	5. SHAP importance models EDA w.r.t different models in report
	
	
	2.1 R file me 4 models ko load karo.
	2.2 find softmax of their accuracy
	2.3 for new data point get their shapely values for each of the four models
	2.4 for each shapley value, get their abs values
	2.5 do a weighted average w.r.t accuracy wala probability
	
	
	4.1 ek aur R file create karna hai, 2 models ko le kar, hum pata rehna chahiye ki unki accuracies kya hai. 
	4.2 We need 2 models jinki accuracies sabse zyada aur sabse kam hai.
	4.3 do linear regression on our data
	4.4 get the shapely values of all the instances on which linear regressor was run and weights of linear regressor.
	4.5 Compare karna hai!